Ah, it was my best friend's brother's birthday
I went over to celebrate his birthday
What's the room number?
I can't remember a little bit
Celebrating a man's birthday
I would be jealous
promotion
How can I celebrate another boy's birthday alone?
I had a lot of other friends.
Okay, I'll take you back first
You rest early
Auntie will take you to the hospital tomorrow.
Do a checkup
Check what?
Problem with pregnancy test
Ah, no.
It's just that my mom accompanied me there yesterday
There's no need to check again, right?
Why don't you go and tell your aunt?
Thank him for his kindness
kiss
Okay, then please Auntie.
What should Ash do?
Father is a staff member
Take me to the hospital for a checkup
He looked it up.
You can find out the wrong month of the child.
If the Lu family finds out by then
You and I are doomed
You can go to the maternity check-up with peace of mind.
I'll take care of everything.